androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
firebase/com/protolitewrapper/R.java
 firebase.com.protolitewrapper.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/database/collection/R.java
 com.google.firebase.database.collection.R
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/google/firebase/firestore/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$color
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$id
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$string
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$style
 com.google.firebase.firestore.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
io/flutter/plugins/firebaseauth_web/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth_web.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
io/grpc/android/R.java
 io.grpc.android.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/cloudfirestore/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.cloudfirestore.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
io/flutter/plugins/cloud_firestore_web/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.cloud_firestore_web.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/window/java/R.java
 androidx.window.java.R
com/google/firebase/iid/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.R
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
androidx/window/R.java
 androidx.window.R
 androidx.window.R$attr
 androidx.window.R$id
 androidx.window.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebase_core_web/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase_core_web.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/example/sahara/R.java
 com.example.sahara.R
 com.example.sahara.R$attr
 com.example.sahara.R$color
 com.example.sahara.R$dimen
 com.example.sahara.R$drawable
 com.example.sahara.R$id
 com.example.sahara.R$integer
 com.example.sahara.R$layout
 com.example.sahara.R$mipmap
 com.example.sahara.R$string
 com.example.sahara.R$style
 com.example.sahara.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
io/flutter/plugins/firebaseauth/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebaseauth.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/auth/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.auth.internal.R
com/example/sahara/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.sahara.BuildConfig
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
